# Star Wars Search Application - Yoav Lahav

## Instructions

1. Clone the repository.

2. Navigate to the `frontend` directory:
   ```bash
   cd frontend 
   ```
3. Install the dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

   
2. Start the application:
   ```bash
   npm run start
   ```

---

## Notes

1. **Error Handling in Autocomplete**:

   - If one of the API queries (e.g., `planets`, `films`, `people`, etc.) fails, the entire autocomplete throws an error. This is intentional to avoid displaying partial data to the user. Partial data could lead to confusion or a suboptimal user experience.

2. **Placement of the "View All" Button Logic**:

   - The insertion of the "View All" button occurs in the `MainPage.tsx` file. This decision was made because the insertion of the button is a UI-related task. However, this logic could also be moved to the `useSearchAutocomplete` hook to simplify the `MainPage` component and centralize the logic.

3. **Hook Data Behavior**:

   - The `useSearchAutocomplete` hook is responsible for setting the `searchResults` in the store. However, it still returns minimal data (e.g., `name` or `title`) to the `MainPage` for display purposes. This design ensures that the `MainPage` does not need to filter or process data internally, keeping it clean and focused on presentation.

4. **Unique IDs for New Entities**:

   - When creating new entities in the "People" table, UUIDv4 is used to generate unique string IDs. The IDs generated by the API are integers, ensuring there is no possibility of collision between API-generated IDs and locally-created IDs.

5. **Category Icons in `SearchResultItem.tsx`**:

   - A TODO exists for adding category-specific icons in the `SearchResultItem.tsx` file. This functionality has not yet been implemented.

6. **PeoplePage Components**:
   - Components related to PeoplePage (e.g., RowActions.tsx, TopToolbarActions.tsx, RowModalContent.tsx) could have been moved into the components directory to align with a standard file structure. For the sake of this exercise, they remain in the PeoplePage folder.

---
